c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\AuctioNUS.WebUI.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\AuctioNUS.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\AucioNUS.Domain.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\AucioNUS.Domain.pdb
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\obj\Release\AuctioNUS.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\obj\Release\AuctioNUS.WebUI.dll
c:\users\abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\obj\Release\AuctioNUS.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
C:\Users\Abhshkrv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AuctioNUS\AuctioNUS.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.xml
